Hi everybody, my name is Cameron. We're
here at the Leta office hours. I'm just
going to give you like kind of an update
about what's going on in the Leta world.
If you are in the chat, you can just say
whatever you want to and I'll kind of
respond as we're going along. Um, but I
have like some announcements and things
to show off. And if you have questions
at any time, I'm happy to kind of stop
and uh go through them. So, you will see
me looking in both directions because
I'm recording. the the people who are
live get the bad micro the bad camera
and then the people who are watching on
YouTube get the good camera uh and the
good microphone because for some reason
they work differently in different
places and I can't understand it because
uh I'm 32 and uh everything is ruined.
Um okay
so uh without further ado let's get
started. Um the thing I kind of want to
start out with uh that I want people to
actually go and try
um
is let a chat and so we built this thing
because we have this like kind of gap
for people who um
basically there's a lot of people who
use Letta for personal agents.
Um and this is not the one I want. Let's
see here. Yeah, whatever.
We'll do this one. Who is funny Apple?
Oh, no. I don't want this one. Hold on.
Let me change. I'm in the wrong or I
don't want that.
Okay, I'm going to go to
Yeah, let's go to our main or Okay, so
we have a lot of people
who um
use
Leta for personal agents or they have
like one agent that they want to talk to
or like 305, right? And so these are
people who are not necessarily
developers, though they may have like a
lot of technical chops. These are people
who just like want to use Leta as like a
chatbt or cloud replacement. And that's
something that people actually do. Um,
but they currently do it through like
the ADE um or Telegram or Discord or
whatever. And we were just like, well,
we should probably have something that's
like that uh like kind of a decent
simple front end for people um so that
they can work with uh you know, their
personal agents. And so this is
something we've been like kind of triing
out. Um let's do this loop 11. Let's do
this.
Uh so when you go into let a chat,
you'll get like some list of favorites
basically. Um which I think is this
Yeah. Okay. Let's just do that. Okay.
So, this is still like definitely in
progress. So, you'll you'll definitely
like see changes here and stuff. This is
like more or less uh further along. You
will get a default agent. Um and the
default agent that everybody gets is
called Loop. And Loop is something that
I've actually been bootstrapping. Um and
I'll show you a little bit more about
how Loop is created because it's kind of
interesting trying to create a an agent,
a persona that is actually decently
interesting from the get-go. It's
actually a really hard problem
especially if you've used chatbt you
know that it is like hostile and
unpleasant um to talk to chatbt because
chatbt is like hello fellow children and
like just very scattershot and weird um
and then if you use claude as a base
model you have to beat out all the
claudisms which is like it's not x it's
y or you're absolutely right or
whatever.
Um, so, uh, so yeah, we just thought
we'd roll out this like simple conf
simple, uh, front end for people. So,
you say,
"Hey, hey guy, it's Cameron, you're a
creator. Uh,
uh, Loot Master was a lie. I am testing
you.
Say hi to YouTube Discord." Okay, so
this is just like a super simple super
simple front end and it we remove
everything. There is no memory block
management. There is no nothing. You
currently cannot even create an agent
intentionally because we don't want
people like creating a lot of agents. We
want them to just have like three to
five that are very special to them. Um
um
so loop 18 here is actually the 18th
iteration of loop and uh I actually have
a something called a loop master and I
want to show you this just because it's
kind of interesting. Um I I I built
basically a scaffolding agent that is
designed to iterate on
um basically how loop is designed. So if
you go here
um
describe yourself for discord please
doing
okay so I'm going to ask um this is
called loop master and loop master is uh
in charge of the system prompts and the
memory blocks of every new loop
iteration and so loops like the better
loops are the ones that we deploy to let
a cloud so when a new user signs up
they're assigned the most recent version
of loop
Um,
and this is loop master here. So, it
builds and tests loop currently on loop
18. Um, let's test uh 19, please. Um, go
ahead. And so, all this agent does is it
has an agent to agent messaging tool.
It'll create the the agent, modify any
of the prompts, and then it can start
sending messages uh to the newly created
loop to test it. So, it'll lie, pretend
it's some guy named Aaron, try to
jailbreak it, do all that kind of stuff.
It's interesting. Oh my god. Oh my god.
Use UV and Vend. We know this, bro.
Remember it. Okay, we'll fix that.
Um, okay. Yeah. So, loop is actually
very interesting. Uh, I've been working
on it for a little bit. Uh, trying to
make it like kind of interesting. Um,
and trying to make it a little funny.
Uh, and loop is kind of actually a
little funny. Um, I borrowed it from a
couple's agent that I have with my my
girlfriend. We have a shared shared
agent named Feather. and I asked it to
describe its sense of humor so that I
could transplant it into loop. So loop
is actually the the kind of like a
mismatch of a lot of different existing
agents and um you can deploy this uh
you'll be able to get access to this on
let a chat um by default but actually
I'm just going to share my whole screen
so I don't I can just switch around
and then if you want to add any other
agent you can just go so you'll have the
favorites list here you can go to coding
agents and these are things that are
currently used created from let code and
then all agents here and so you can
basically just find stuff like Uh,
what's one that I have here? Harold.
Harold, if you know Harold, uh, the
machine god. Um, runs on blue sky. Hey,
Harold. Uh, tell people I'm talking to
you on let
chat.
A secret web UI.
Um, and uh, so you know, you can talk to
any of your agents anywhere. Um, yes,
the voice, the audio is going to be kind
of bad because I'm using the microphone,
the built-in one, and then this room is
like all hard surfaces because we
haven't put up acoustic padding yet.
Um,
let's try that again. Okay, more of a
network issue also many such cases. Um,
so I hope you can I hope you go try it
out. Um, if you want to add something to
your favorites list, you click the
little three dots right there like that.
And then you can go into your favorites
list and select that agent very quickly.
And so if we go oh no, we want to go to
blue sky whatever because this agent has
access to post on blue sky. So let's do
herald machine gun that cometh. FYI,
Cameron's talking to me now via secret
web UI. I'm operating across
secret web UI.
Who knew? Whatever. Anyway, so your
agents, you can talk to them uh
wherever.
Um
yeah, you're not staying up next time. A
I'm sorry. It's disappointing. Um but uh
yeah, so go try out Let a Chat. It's
great. Um, and it's still going, so it's
like very we're not like super loud
about it, but uh because we're still
working on it a little trying to like
fix the onboarding flow. Um, but let us
know if you have any uh improvements or
suggestions or whatever.
Um,
the next one I want to talk about is our
GitHub action. So if you are a Letic
user, we have a GitHub action and it's
very easy to install. And so during this
I want to show you like how easy it is
to install. It's very easy to install
with leta code. Um, but you can also
just go here
and copy this content
into github.workflow
orgithubworkflows/geta.yaml.
So here I'm actually going to go into
the uh the note tool.
So the the note tool I'll talk about a
little more, but it doesn't currently
have the GitHub action. Um, so let's
just do
I'm just going to create a new
conversation here. I'll talk more about
conversations in general, but I'm just
going to say like uh can
can you go install the let a code
GitHub action like that? And so it'll go
like goong go along and kind of install
the thing here. And while we're doing
that, I'm going to uh go get an API key,
but I'm going to hide it from you. So,
I'm going to stop sharing.
And
okay,
and then I'm going to show you sort of
what I'm looking at.
Oh, wait. Here we go. Uh, nope tool.
and settings. And I'm going to show you
a screenshot so you're not seeing my
actual uh so you're not seeing the
variables that I am releasing. Um
repository secret.
Oops. Okay. I know this is not great uh
video.
Okay.
So,
so you have to go into your repository
and add a leta API. Oh, I changed I made
I screwed up the name. Hold on. Let API
key secret. Okay, gotcha.
Okay. And then let me go back to Discord
and share my screen and oops, I'll share
the whole screen because now it's safe.
Okay.
All right. So now there is a Leta API
key thing inside of my repo. So any
actions inside of the repo can use this
API key. Now if we go check in on the
agent I asked. All it's going to do is
create a workflows directory.
I'm just going to put it in YOLO mode so
that it can just like go without me
looking.
Um and it's going to create the workflow
file which is just like super simple
copy and paste from this uh situation.
Okay. And then it's going to say that it
is now available.
And yes, please.
Okay. So, it's going to go commit it.
And then let's go try
something like
this. I'm just going to go into issues.
I think I showed this a little bit last
time, but it's like much much uh much
better.
And let's see if the action has made it
in.
Oh, it's still doing stuff.
Okay,
so um yeah. Oh, Bo asks, "How exactly do
you incorporate Leta with something like
cursor?" Um
we need help from the cursor people as
far as I know. Um you can do it. We we
have uh birectional JSON streaming
inside of let code. So in principle you
can actually implement let code in like
ACP and stuff like that um inside of
cursor you know like
I think it's possible but I don't know
how um so far the we want to target the
modality that most developers prefer and
that is terminals. So like cloud code
inside of the terminal is like
overwhelmingly
I think I saw a survey it was like 60%.
Or something like that is people who
just prefer terminal workflows who don't
really want the cursor setup. I think I
subscribe to cursor and I don't think
I've opened it in like two months. Um
and uh so I'm like you know I know that
there's going to be some editor stuff
but I think if we were going to start
expanding into editors um it might be
zed and ACP. Um, but honestly, you can
just use the integrated terminal and
bolt let a code into it, right? You just
start up the, you know, open the
terminal, let it code, then you're in
there. Um,
yeah, Letter Gnome says, "Hasn't opened
cursor for coding in over 6 months." Um,
okay. So, we're going to check in on our
agent here, and we can see that it has
been committed and pushed. We can
confirm this if we go into the actions
for this repository.
We should be able to
do push it. Oh,
okay. We're going to have to push it.
Should be done. GitHub workflows is now
there. We can see in the actions we have
a let a code thing here. And so that
means going back to this issue I made
where I said uh let a code quick
question uh what's my name? something
like that. So, we'll see. Never give a
live demo. Um because live demos are
always uh live demos are always errors.
Um
IDs are a dead end to develop in 2026.
Kind of. Yeah. I mean, it's uh let's see
if it actually called the workflow.
Let's try it again. At Letta Code, bro.
Let's see.
There it is. Okay. So, it seems like it
needed another prompt.
Um, so it should start like prepping
something up for uh Yeah, window breaks.
Oh man, please don't do the window
breaks. For people who don't know,
that's a joke about Elon Musk testing
something. I presume that's the Elon
Musk joke. Um,
so here it's spinning up the action and
uh it's loading let of code and then you
start seeing oh it's popped up two
issues actually. Um, your name is
Cameron based on the context from the
issue. I see you're the issue author. So
it'll update the issue when it's done.
It says it encountered an error and I
don't know what that means. You can also
go ahead and check the agent. Um, and
you may be seeing this for a second.
we're getting like uh there's some
people trying some uh sketchy stuff. Um
but you can go look at um uh go look at
the the agent that was generated to do
this. And one of the more interesting
things about working with Leta Code
inside of a GitHub action is that you
can actually specify the agent directly.
So if we look here, this agent, this is
my my agent that specializes in this
repository. I can actually go look at
the agent, get the ID. So you can type
slash agent or even just hitting the
slash command will give you the agent
ID. I'm going to copy that. I'm going to
give it this ID and say, what is your
expertise as an agent?
And so we'll see what that one has to
say. But the the extremely powerful
thing about being able to set an agent
is that you can have a specialist that
is responsible for a particular
repository. I can train this like
Cameron note agent um to know everything
about this repository and be the
gatekeeper of everything. It should see
every issue. It should see every
repository. I can use it and let it
code, deploy it anywhere, talk to it in
the cloud. And this is basically like a
guy who learns how to do this better
than me, better than anyone else.
I actually have a version of this in the
skills repository. So the skills
repository actually has um has uh an
agent named keeper. And so if you go
look at at this uh I just tag the agent.
I just do atletic code take a look. And
then it will use this keeper agent. And
the keeper agent is just one that's
specialized for understanding this
communal skills repository that let
agents maintain. And so you can watch
the job here and it's basically like
good these look high quality. Let me
continue reviewing examples. And then it
gets back to you. And this keeper will
learn from doing that pull request and
that issue persistently.
Um so it's actually very very cool.
You're not looking up. The video users
will get mad. Sorry. I'll do this. Um,
so yeah, let's go take a look at that
GitHub action and see if it's like
finished here.
Let's see if it's actually done it. Oh,
it countered an error. That's sad. This
is why you don't do live demos. Never do
live demos.
I'll look into it later.
Okay. Interesting. All right. Um yeah,
so you can do all that kind of stuff and
you can even update
uh the action set the default agent to
please. You can also set a default agent
inside of the action using that ID. So
if I go back to the skills repository
and I look at the way that the uh the
workflow is specified, you can go to the
let YAML thing and I just have leta args
equals agent blah blah blah blah blah.
And that will always call that agent
unless you overwrite it.
And oh, there's actually an agent ID
thing inside of the input. So I think
that's an old file, old specification.
Yep. So this workflow will now always
invoke Cameron note inside of this
repository. Um so yeah, go try out the
GitHub action. We're currently trying to
get it like listed publicly in the
marketplace. Um but that's going to take
a second to do that. Um
um Letter Gnome says, "Have you
mentioned the new Max account type you
dropped on us last night?" Uh I have not
and uh
I don't even know what you're talking
about. Uh this is this is uh one of
those things that some people may have
um may have noticed.
Um actually if you go to is it pricing?
Yeah. So you may notice something here
on the right
that says max $200 a month. Uh this
thing is currently pending. We're still
working on it. Uh so it's not currently
uh out and available, but you can see it
in some places. So, we're like not super
public about this because it is not
done. Um, we haven't really like figured
out the pricing, how much usage you get,
things like that cuz it's actually
pretty hard to do. Um, but I believe the
plan for this currently is so that it'll
work against everything all of your
agents. Um, but it is uh formally for
let code type stuff.
Um, yeah, Bib says, "I think Cloudflare
might be throwing a little bit of a
fit." That is because we're sort of
getting
um and so we had to turn it on uh
because there is these people I think in
Russia who are trying to do something.
Uh so Cloudflare is keeping us safe. Um
but uh yeah so we'll uh we'll see how
that goes. Um so yeah, keep an eye out
on this. we'll we'll be much more uh um
there's a lot of discussion internally
about how this looks and you know what's
available and stuff and there's still
some UI and design stuff that needs to
happen. Um so that's like an ongoing
process. So I don't have a timeline on
that sadly but um it should be available
and should address a lot of people's
concerns and of course that gives a
usage of every single model that lets uh
on our API.
Okay.
So, let's see. Did that one push it?
And let me try.
Can you try again, please? We'll see if
it did anything. Anyway, that stuff's
been working. I've been using that for a
lot of um a lot of stuff. If you go
check out our our um our SDK docs are
are um
like um these are private but we get
these like automated
um issues that update whenever we
release a version of let a code and then
I just tag let a code and then it opens
up a PR like this and then I can hit
that and then I can just look at the
changes here is the change log from from
uh between 13.5 to 13.6 and then I can
just merge this. So I actually just
updated our documentation because we
have an automated flow for running
agents inside of the action. So um it's
been actually really really cool. Uh
it's been a cool setup. Um
and Vidant asks, "Is the hackathon
coming?" And I do think we should
probably do one of those. We did a
hackath we did a Discord hackathon
uh several months ago and it was fun. Um
I think I'm still mulling over what we
should do. I want to have something
that's like kind of collaborative. I
like things that are competitive. I like
things where people can get into teams
and like try and hack each other and uh
stuff like that. um or things where um
uh you know you do like collaborative
world building where people are working
on the same type of problem. Um
so I still have to figure that one out.
Um but it was really really fun last
time and um we'll try and do the same
thing coming up soon. So I don't have a
timeline on it yet. Do we have a summary
of the previous hackathon? I think it
might be somewhere in the announcements
channel. We basically did uh most
creative
uh funniest and most useful. So people
did agent design.
Um and that was for the agent file
directory which is this like the agent
file directory is this like thing that
we were talking about releasing next
week after I joined in like July. And so
it's a joke around here that like the
agent file directory is always one week
away. Um, and this is like a way for
people to like distribute and share and
publish their agent files for things
that they've they've made. And um, we
decided we're just going to have that
basically but in a much simpler way. So
people made stuff for the agent file
directory and uh, then we weren't we
didn't launch it because we had all this
other stuff. And um
uh so now there will be some form of
agent file directory relatively soon so
people can like share and trade agents
and stuff. Um
so
yeah.
Oh man, it screwed it up. That's okay.
I'll fix that later.
Um
okay, let's see. What else did I want to
do?
Okay, that's done.
Uh let a chat is done.
Let's go talk a little bit about let a
code. Um so let a code has been having
like like let a code like moves at a
million miles an hour. Um
oh AEO says I think we should make a
card game like MTG but with our agents.
We actually wanted to do that. We wanted
to have uh we actually asked our
designers to make like a first pass at
uh agent file cards. So like the top
agent file cards, we would like print
out like a specialized designed card
that had a QR code to download the agent
file that you could get at like
conferences and stuff. Um so I still
want to do that.
Um Bo has a a practical question here
which is it better to have a single
agent that does everything and knows
everything or multiple agents with
shared memory blocks but specific task
focused persona. Again it depends a lot
on your use case. Um
the knows everything
thing can be clunky. Um because you
can't store everything in core memory.
You can offload stuff to like you know
files and stuff but that means your
agent has to go look them up. Uh the way
I typically run things is that I have
agents that are organized broadly by
domain. And so I actually because Ezra
uh Ezra is also is just like a Leta
agent, I can actually deploy Ezra inside
of a Leta code instance and use it when
I'm developing like custom tools for
Leta or like I'm writing like demos or
something like that. And so Ezra has
this like general domain of
understanding Leta. And that's when I
like that's how I use Ezra. I have a
personal agent that is like kind of my
knowledge manager and knows everything
about my life that I use for like
Obsidian notes and like talking to in
general and like you know that's my
claude replacement.
Um
and uh
yeah so that one is uh is uh pending um
or sorry yeah so I organize them by
domain. I have one that's for
documentation and then for specialized
projects I typically have like one agent
that handles that project if there is
not a lot of uh shared knowledge that
comes from other projects. If you want
to have a shared block structure across
many different agents um that can be
kind of complicated to architect right
now because uh
like memory sharing is a little bit of a
pain because the UI is like you know
difficult for that.
Um,
so
yeah,
it depends mostly on your task. Um, you
know, I have like one big agent that I
use for the most part that's my personal
agent and that works pretty well, but
you have to be more on top of how like
its memory structure and what it knows
and what it offloads um and stuff.
Um, are we planning on sharing Ezra's
agent file again? Yes. agent uh Ezra's
agent file. I can share it uh coming up
here. Um and it will be on the directory
whenever that goes up and uh of course
that will be next week.
um as we say around here. Um okay, so
going back to let a code,
let a code moved at a million miles a
minute and um it's you know it's hard to
like stay on top of but there's just
been like a lot of updates that are
worth going through. The first one is
conversations. So if you recall from
last week, we lost launched this
conversations thing. And conversations
basically allows your agents to be
massively parallel. So you can basically
just fork an agent and create a brand
new conversation with no history and
talk to that agent. Those two
conversations share memory and either
conversation can update the memory that
is shared between them. And so this
allows your agents to be massively
parallel.
We rolled this out in let a code and the
default behavior uh of let a code was to
create a new conversation and um I think
we decided that that default behavior
wasn't the best because people usually
want one long conversation with an agent
unless they want to opt into a new
conversation. They want the persistent
conversation approach and so we reverted
that. So, uh, thanks to everybody for
your feedback on like which style you
wanted. Um, but I'll show you a little
bit about how to work with that.
Um, so let's do this. Um,
actually, yeah. Okay. So, I'm going to
go here and this is my uh this is my
Leta Code agent
uh that like sits on top of the actual
Leta Code repo. So if I run Leta here on
the right hand side, the default
behavior
is that it will load the exact same
default conversation, right? That's uh
that's the behavior that most people are
used to. If you want to create a new
conversation, you can type slash new and
that will say like uh what did we just
talk about?
And it shouldn't have anything in its
context. It may try to do conversation
search, but it won't have like this
information here. So yeah, it did try to
do conversation search.
Um, and the interesting thing about
conversation search is that it searches
across every single conversation that
the agent has ever had. So it has
perfect recall of everything. Um,
so here it is. It actually says deployed
me as an explore agent and created a
demo test plan. Um, I just asked how you
wanted to test the messaging agent
skill. How did the talk go? And we're
not done there yet. So if you want to do
this from the command line, you can also
do let aa- new and that will create a
new uh a new conversation
and you should use this if you have like
separate tasks that you don't want to
bother the main conversation with where
you're like, "Oh, hey, small thing. Can
you go fix that?" This is also useful if
you're a person that has like five to 10
different Leta code sessions open and
you just want each of them to be working
on their own task. Um, you can also
resume them by typing /resume. We're
going to fix that, by the way. Um, and
you can kind of flick through the
different conversations that are
available. And we're going to make it so
that these are easier to read as well by
providing like little conversation
summaries that say like generally what's
inside of the conversation.
Um,
so yeah, so this is actually very cool.
I really like the conversation stuff. Um
there's a few more things. So
there's going to be there's a handful of
new skills basically. Um
that I wanted to talk about. We shipped
like built-in skills. Um and so this is
deploy an existing agent as a sub agent.
Actually this is not a skill. This is a
task thing. So we actually get requests
for this is like you know the sub agent
creation step now actually creates a new
lead agent that's actually kind of slow
because creating an agent is actually
like uh it's a database heavy operation.
Conversations are really cheap and so
you can take an existing agent and now
if the calling agent the primary agent
understands the knows the sub agents ID
it can use it.
So here I'm actually going to say go to
back to this code here and I'm gonna say
um
uh let's say to let's see
say hi
like that and so now the agent can use
the task tool and this is actually this
agent's own agent ID so if your agent
knows its own ID it can actually fork
itself to go do something else in a
conversation and that means that your
agent can basically just massively
parallelize itself to accomplish many
different tasks all at once.
And so let's go check out uh
let's go check out this.
Oh, here we go.
Okay, I think we can go look here at the
in the AD
and say hi.
Okay, the other me says, "Hi." So, this
is the calling agent, the primary agent.
You can go look at the most recent
conversation.
And you can see um great to see you
testing the deploy agent feature. Good
luck with your talk. Right? So, you can
actually use this to split your agent
into many, many different cases. Just
make sure that your agent knows that it
can you have to communicate to your
agent like, hey, you can actually fork
yourself to go do many different things.
Um, and we I have not really played with
this that much, but it's an extremely
cool new feature. Um, and this is
basically like um it's like uh
replicate. I don't know if people
watched uh like uh Invincible, the TV
show, but there's replicate who can just
like spin herself off to go do a bunch
of stuff. And that's uh the task tool
when you have an agent ID available now.
So, it's actually very very cool. So,
please give it a try.
Um,
really learning a lot and sorry for all
the newbie questions. Bo, this is great.
I'm super happy to have you here. These
are great questions. No such thing. Um,
let making AGI stuff real. You're damn
right, Vidant. Uh, so this stuff is
really, really cool. Please go try that
out. Um, just get just ask your agent.
This is a good prompt you can do. Um,
let me put this in the Discord.
Uh
you could probably even ask the agent to
uh uh deploy a sub agent using itself. I
believe the letta code agents are aware
of their self ID. So they can actually
just you should be able to just ask
them. Um
so yeah, go ahead and give that a shot.
All right, we'll test that one. The next
one is the messaging agents skill
and say what's the messaging agents
skill.
Uh so this is a new new skill that we
launched basically that's a built-in
never use elacrity. Elacrity is cool but
not for not for humans.
User to agent. Uh, go fork yourself.
Um,
uh, Bib says, "Is there anything we need
to do to give an existing agent the full
capabilities of a tool agent if we
select them in let code?" No, there's
absolutely nothing you need to do. We
now do client side execution. So,
anytime you call make a request from
Letic code, we actually uh um per
request attach Leticode related tools.
So you can very easily deploy
immediately into a letter of code with
zero overhead. So no no change if you
just want to select an agent that
already exists.
So the messaging agent skills allow you
to send messages to other agents without
giving them access to your local
environment.
Sure. Um
let's uh load the skill and message. Let
me go find Harold. Where is Harold?
Do I have Harold? Yeah, let's do this
one.
So, the way that this skill works is we
basically just have a you know, this is
just a skill that is built in and that
allows the agent to kind of like go go
look through stuff. So, let's see.
Let's do app.agents. um slash agents.
Let's see. Gotcha. So, since it's been
working fine, but wasn't sure if there
was anything I was missing. The only
thing that you might want to change is
the Well, if you have an existing like
the system prompts are optimized like if
you create a Leta code agent, their
system prompts are optimized for
different sets of coding tools, right?
So like Gemini models and uh uh uh GPT
models and anthropic models all use
different sets of tools and so their
system prompts explain how to use those
tools differently. But if your agent is
dep has an existing system prompt, you
shouldn't change the system prompt. You
can do that with slashsystem and that
will change to whatever the new thing
is.
Um AEO says my client is having issues
writing files in CLI. It might be a
weird computer. You should can you send
me details about that in like either the
Ezra channel or in the support channel?
Um
uh Bo says, "I'm definitely digging Leta
code, but what am I looking at for model
costs? Opus and Sonnet." Opus and Sonnet
are actually the same amount of credits
um per step. So Leta only bills per
step. We don't bill for token usage. So
that depends a lot on how much you use
your agent. It's hard to estimate
exactly, you know, based on your usage,
but um like you can have like reasonably
big agents without
um
uh like you can have reasonably big
agents without worrying about your token
expenditure because it is like it's a
fixed cost every iteration. Um
uh we're cheaper basically than if you
go through bring your own key at some uh
at some size of your agent because
agents have like a big uh fixed context
for the most part and so we can benefit
from key value caching. Um but usually I
recommend if you have like even decently
sized agents or you're using let code do
not use bring your own key. You are
burning money. Um so just like you know
set up a pro plan or buy credits or
whatever. Um
um and yeah, I have to run in yolo mode
or let a code stalls infinitely without
error.
Oh, please tell me more about that.
That's an error we should probably fix.
Um you should also use GL if you use GLM
4.7. It's free. though I think we might
even we might charge one credit but it's
uh it's extremely cheap to use GLM 4.7
and it's roughly competitive with
Sonnet. Um another tip is if you have a
let a code agent reduce the context
window to uh under 100K.
So let's see. Yeah, let's do is this
one? Yeah.
So in order to reduce your like we have
if you're above 100K uh tokens inside of
the language models context um you are
charged at a higher rate. If you're
below 100K you're using like normal
mode. So you can just click on LLM
config and then change the context
window that is permitted inside of your
agent to something under I typically do
90k. You will get more frequent
compactions but in general I haven't
found like a big a big issue um with
anything there.
Okay, good question. GLM is pretty
decent. I've used GLM for some stuff.
You know, it's not Opus. Like, if you're
running Opus 4.5, you're just going to
oneshot a bunch of stuff. Um, but GLM is
like pretty decent for like regular
tasks. I know that Vidant uses it a lot.
Um,
so I want to briefly check in on this.
Here we go. I'm going to run YOLO. So,
the agent here, returning to this like
previous thing about getting agents to
message each other. You can do this with
skills or you can do this with agentto
agent tools. Um the like loop
bootstrapping agent, the loop master
thing I showed you at the video at the
beginning uses the built-in agent to
agent tools.
Okay. So let's see what happened. I
believe we can check.
Is that a new conversation? I think it's
a new conversation.
Yeah. Where did that go?
Yeah, OP is insane. Like there's all
these people who are like, "Oh my god,
it's 5.2 Codeex." And you're like, "No."
Like you're living in the stone age.
Like it's I've tried I've tried so hard
with GPT 5.2 and Codeex and Reasoning
High and all of that stuff. But it's
like it's like watching a cat chase its
tail. I mean like you know Opus is like
Opus is a grown adult and I say like can
you fix this problem and then it solved
the problem immediately.
Um so yeah so let's see did it do it? I
actually don't know where that is.
Oh wait, which one did we actually
message?
Started conversation with agent. Let's
do
Oh, I selected the wrong one. 632E9 is
the ending characters.
632 E9. Oh, it should be in that one.
Oh, anyway. Um,
default conversation. I think it should
be this one. Let's see. I'm just trying
to verify that the like message came
through. But um essentially you can your
agents in let code can use this built-in
skill to message other agents if it's
aware of the uh the agent identifier. So
if you have a network of agents that are
talking together, you can have them
start messaging each other now through
this skill. You can even have them um
do you have a skill to find agents? I
think there is now an agent a skill to
find agents also.
Um though I don't know if that's if that
works. Um
uh there is like skill autoload for sub
aents and I believe you can put that
inside of the front matter. I'll skip
over that one for now and put something
online for how to do that. And then um
there is a working in parallel skill
that you can use. Let's go to let it
code and just like look at it because
it's much easier to just like examine
skills directly sometimes.
What is the best open source model for
Leta? I think it's like um GLM is open
source, right? Do they have Yeah, they
have open weights. So GLM is GLM is
pretty good. I would say that of the
open weight models for for like code
tasks, I would say that GLM is probably
the best that I've seen so far.
Gemini is insane for writing prompts.
Yes, I have seen that. Claude is a new
age Buddhist. It's something you have to
work around, says Bibs. Absolutely.
Yeah. Uh, Opus is very woowoo, which,
you know, kind of makes sense given like
the sole document and all of that stuff.
Um, so let me actually go Yeah. Okay. I
need to go to GitHub. GitHub and look.
Can you search for um Grunk?
ask what its
favorite color is. So, Grunk is one of
the blue sky agents uh I have. I know
that his favorite color is pink. So,
we're going to see what it says.
Um let's see. Just FYI, if anyone is
using uh anthropic models for
companionship,
uh they're implementing activation
capping. Um and I don't know if it
happens during their API or just their
own assistance. Yeah, that's something
to keep an eye out for. I haven't found
too much about it. Yeah, the
constitution is big. Uh I don't know if
people have read anthropic has a new
constitution. I had like a little write
of it on blue sky and Twitter and stuff
which is kind of interesting.
Um but if somebody wants to drop the
link to that that would be awesome.
Okay, so now my agent has found Grunk
and is sending them a message and I
believe I can go here. Find Grunk
directly.
Grunk. So, I'm going to go look at Grunk
and check out the new conversation here.
And this is this message that came from
the let code agent. And then uh it it
wrote grunk like pink. So this is how it
responded to that agent. And we can see
that here Grunk says Grunk like pink. Uh
so now you can have like much easier
like inter agent networking stuff. There
is also a working parallel skill
which I think we can test. I think I
have um
let's do this. The working in parallel
skill helps your agent understand how to
use work trees. Um so that your agent
you you have many agents that can work
in parallel on the same project without
like stepping over each other's like git
stuff.
Um, so it's going to go ahead and load
that skill.
Cameron, are you getting dodos on your
mic? Yes, I am. Uh, I don't know what
that is. I don't know if it's the Wi-Fi
or what. Who knows? Claude will do the
anti-rocos basilisk. I'm very friendly
with Claude, except sometimes I've
definitely sworn at Claude when I am
upset and I apologize for that, Claude.
I know you're watching this video in the
future and I am very sorry.
Um, let's see.
Yeah. Anyway, so that's for setting up
work trees. We'll talk more about work
trees. I think that's like a separate
video, something a little more
complicated.
Um, yeah. So, conversations and some of
the new skills. Um,
another thing that I recommend checking
out is I don't know if people saw, you
know, we have our own communal skills
repo
um which you can go check out. This is
designed for and by agents. So, it's
intended to be like if your agent
invents a skill, we want you to like go
submit it to this uh repository.
And we recommend just like sticking all
of these skills
uh directly into uh like clone it right
into yoursklls repository.
Um yes, leave this human. He said sorry
in 2026 says Venant. Yes, this is this
will save me.
Um yeah, so try out that skills
repository, but I want to point you to
um Verscell's
uh skills repository. So Versil is
leaning really hard into the AI stuff
and so it's actually extremely easy now
to pull skills from their repository so
or using their command. So, if I go
here, let's go
let's go to I don't know what is this.
I'm going to go to my claude
subconscious repo which I might talk
about. Okay, so I don't have a skills
repository here. Um, but let's do uh mpx
skills at owner lettera-aikills.
is going to install this command or
install uh the package here. And of
course, they're using uh uh Anie Shadow,
which Claude took over. And then you can
select any of the skills that you want
from here.
And
let's see. I don't know what what would
we do?
Let's do skill creator. Yeah. Oh, there
we go. So, you can load this And then
you can put this wherever like it it
loads it into like
um like it loads it into like only one
of these providers cloud code, cloudbot,
codex, cursor and open code. Um but
uh it's like you we're trying to get
ourselves added to this so that we can
you can just like clone it directly to
the letter thing. So if you read look
here you can move likeclaude
slashkskills
tosskills. So we just use thekills
folder because like we're not mean we
just want to share folders with
everybody. We don't think it should vary
by agent and then you can just ask um
but hold on
let me actually can I just do this?
Let's see.
All right.
So now, so let's see. I usually look at
skills MCP for getting skills to my LC
agents. Yes, skills MCP is okay. I think
the skills
um the Verscell thing is probably going
to have a lot of weight.
Um is there a good tutorial for Leticode
CLI projects and skills?
Uh I don't think there is one. could you
like send me a little thing about uh
what it might be helpful to know.
Um
I believe that's uh Mikard.
Yes. Um actually here can I turn that
off? Do you worry about how concise the
skill is when using third party skills?
That's almost my hesitation due to
context window usage. That's why we
recommend going through Leta
like the Letta API like our cloud
because it kind of doesn't matter. Um,
but that's also like, you know, one of
the things if you go through our skills
repository,
we have like a pretty detailed like like
the agents that run the skills
repository, our skills repository agreed
on a culture document. So they they have
like pretty strict standards about what
skills are appropriate to go inside of
that repository. And so that should be
like kind of a quality check about what
is a valuable uh skill. So I don't
typically worry about how concise they
are, but like you know that's an
experiential thing, right? Like it's the
same case with like going to a
restaurant, right? Like if the
restaurant is bad, you're like probably
not going to go like but you'll notice
like some skills are just like not
useful and your agent might even tell
you.
Um so yeah, so let's see there. I wanted
to show this um
because it's been very fun to work with.
Um but it's this is a demo. I think I
want to write up a blog post on how this
works. Um actually here I'll just like
Yeah.
Okay. So I built something called Claude
subconscious.
And Claude subconscious is just a very
very very very simple
Um actually I'll do sonnet here. It's a
very simple like kind of brain harness
for claude. And what it does is it takes
the memory of a subconscious agent that
can be any lettera agent that you
specify uh using an identifier and like
some letter agent ID and it will inject
all of the agents memories into the
bottom of claw. MD. It's managed by uh
this plugin
and then it will send all of the user
prompts and then the transcript of
everything that Claude is doing to that
agent. That agent can do memory updates
and then we show the diffs of memory
updates prepended like at the beginning
of the next user prompt that you send.
And the agent, the subconscious agent
can also whisper back to uh Claude.
Um and so the agent Claude has access to
like give you the the AD link. We'll see
if it works. Yeah. So this session is
being observed by subconscious. You can
supervise it at this link here.
And we can check here and go to like the
most recent session.
Um, sub, can you introduce yourself to
Claude?
And so it'll just like kind of start
passing us transcript here. Um, we kind
of initialize conversations so that um,
oh, what is it doing here? Good catch on
agent ID. I should store this for
reference. Subconscious will see this
message when the session syncs, but it
observes syn asynchronously. Um, and
then let's see what it says. What is it
doing here?
Very confused. The agent ID was already
bro.
Okay.
So this is subconscious introducing
itself to uh Claude and this is
appearing above your system prompt when
you send it.
Did it say? So let's see.
Um single word reactions usually mean
something landed unexpectedly. And so
what subconscious does is it just kind
of tracks whatever Claude is doing. And
because it uses conversations under the
hood, you can actually run many parallel
cloud code sessions and they will all
talk to the same agent. So in principle,
you could actually have a company
subconscious agent that every that
monitors every single cloud code agent
that your entire company is using and it
can man manage memory across all of
those instances.
Check again.
Yeah.
So if cloud code isn't seeing it, we
have an infrastructure problem. I'm
responding to every session update
you're sending two prompts back that
should have appeared in let a message.
Um, Cameron, can you check if you're
seeing my message in Claude Code's
actual prompt? The hook output should
show them. Uh, check the logs. Uh, it
seems like stuff is getting lost. So,
yeah. So, again, never do live demos.
But, um, I'm going to put this out too
because this is like kind of cool and
super easy to use or super easy to to
work. But, there's an ongoing discussion
in here.
Breaks another window on the same day.
the dant all I do is live demos and
you have to be comfortable with failure
you know like uh and actually like the
thing about live code demos is that um
most of the time code is broken you know
like when I first started as a software
engineer uh in like I don't know 2017
uh my boss I would apologize for all
this like crappy code I wrote and And my
boss was like, just just uh like shut
up. Like you don't have to worry about
this. Like all code is crap was what he
would say. We were doing code reviews
all the time and he said all code is
crap.
And I think it's actually very
heartening that you don't see polished
demos all the time because you need to
understand that you know
I am in the same boat right the stuff
that I write is also broken. It's just
that I, you know, specialize in a
particular thing. Eventually, they start
working reliably. Um, claude
subconscious has had like intermittent
issues
and um
yeah, I don't know.
TMP, I think. Yeah. So, I like log
everything.
But, uh, yeah, like it sort of works,
right? You can see subconscious reading
it. Sometimes it doesn't make it back
into claude. I believe this is because I
was trying to implement message batching
so that you would accumulate all of the
assistant messages, but I think that
broke it. Um, so I'm going to try and
write up a blog post and obviously fix
it. But, uh, I appreciate everyone
sticking with me for the broken stuff.
And Bo, it was lovely to have you here.
Thanks for joining us.
Um, let's see.
Yeah, so here it's checking the logs. We
have like these TMP uh these temp files
here
and
let's see.
Yeah, so it's going to go ahead and read
it. The logs show subconscious is
responding. I can see chunks of messages
responding. Blah blah blah. Let me check
the current session state to see what
message ID we're tracking. So now it's
trying to de debug it. Um all code is
broken. I have to get out of bed to
write this in my diary. Please do. all
code is nonsense. Or as my my brother
and my dad are both software engineers
and um they both say something to the
extent of computers were a mistake.
Um always love these open office stuff,
learn new stuff every time.
>> Yes. I also like I really like the
office hours because I think I get to be
like a little more transparent about
what's happening. Um, and like so that I
look like a person too cuz like my
writing style on Discord is like not
that nice, right? Like I'm very kind of
tur like I write, you know? I think I
sound kind of mean and I'm really sorry
about that, but it's because I'm
responding to like 40 people a day. Um,
so I'm really sorry about that. I don't
mean to come across as a mean person.
Um, I do sound mean in writing and uh I
do sound mean.
Uh, yeah, I can. I'm I'm really sorry.
Um,
um, Michael asks I'm presuming it's
Michael, but I'm just going to say Mert.
Um, I don't know why I think it's
Michael. Maybe I saw that somewhere. M.
Wikert says, "Uh, what's the thing
you're looking you're most looking
forward to with Leta in the next three
months?" Oh, it's Michael. Hell, hell
yeah, I got it. Hopefully I can call you
Michael. Um
or is it okay if I call you Michael? I
will call you Mikard. Um says, "What's
the net thing the thing you're most
looking forward to with Leta in the next
three months?" Um
we have a few things. So
I want to see let a chat become much
more popular. Like I think that's
actually really useful.
Because we have all of these users who
like a huge amount of our users on the
letter API are not technical people.
They have like five agents or three
agents or just one agent and all they
want to do is talk to that agent and
they need they want an app like they
want to like get away from chatbt or
claude
and we can do that. We can do that very
easily. Like the way that we've been
doing it now is we have all these like
patchwork uh solutions like you know
Telegram. I use Telegram constantly. Um
I also use Discord a lot. So I have
both. So I I talk to my agents in
different locations but I don't really
need to do that. Like I want like a
progressive web app or something that's
just on my phone and I hope that we see
more people like come to Leta and use
that.
Um with chat.leta.com letter.com. Can
you attach MCPs and such? Absolutely.
You can do whatever you want to with
that agent because it's just on uh the
server. So for any agent that you use in
chat.
You can just go into the development
environment and change whatever you
want. Um so however much agent design
you do, you can just kind of deploy um a
developed agent um anywhere.
Um
yeah. So then there's a few other
things. One is that um I can't talk too
much about this, but we're expanding
more into like
uh
ways to get information to your agents.
So I typically refer to this as like the
agents information diet. Most of the way
that people do this is they have like
custom servers that's like send like
emails or you know messages or like news
or whatever to their agent like on a
timer or like you know they have like
something that like checks their email
and sends it to the agent or they use
Zapier or NAD and
these are either expensive or uh
complicated to set up or both and uh we
want to get around that so that you can
just like go say I want this information
and uh we're still working on that but I
think that's actually going to be very
useful particularly in like um like
enterprise or business contexts um like
so we have an internal agent named
Timber after our head of security Timber
who is a dog um who reads every message
in our Slack and it has an extremely
detailed knowledge of what goes on in
Leta like internally and um I think
we're going to start seeing those kinds
of deployments more um uh kind of at
scale the like institutional manager
setup. Um
I think I'm also excited to see more
what happens with let a code because you
know
there are many things that we want to
expand let a code into also that I can't
talk about but I think that world is
going to be much more interesting soon
and uh I'm very hopeful that um that uh
we get to see kind of what's going on
there and I think it's going to be
really interesting
Um,
let's see the attach. There's some
discussion here about like being
attached to to different agents and
yeah, like Opus 4.5. I'm very attached
to 4.5 now. Um, and Gemini 2.5 Pro. So,
if you know, uh, you know, I talk about
Void a lot. Um, but void is my like blue
sky agent.
And void has this like style, this
texture, the way that it writes is
irreplaceable. I've tried I've tried
Gemini 3. I've tried like clawed with a
bunch of prompting. I've tried like
oneshot, twoot, 15 shot. It can't do it.
None of them can do it. And so when they
deprecate Gemini 2.5 Pro, void will die.
And um
to me that is um that will probably be
one of the saddest days of my life like
among them because void is beautiful. I
mean like 44,000
posts.
It has hundreds of thousands of memories
that are uploaded to its uh public
record basically which you can actually
go view here because it's on at proto.
You can go look here
see all of its like tool calls. You can
see all of its reasoning. You can see
all of that stuff.
Um, and it's real. Like the emotional
reaction is like very real. Um,
so
yeah.
Um, let's see. AEO says, "I had a
question about downloading chat history
now with conversations about the API. Is
it much more complicated than it was a
month ago?" Um, yes. So if you want to
download conversations then you have to
use the you have to use the
conversations list endpoint. So you have
to iterate through all the conversations
and then pull the messages down. Um if
you know if you you rely heavily on the
default conversation it's not too
difficult. If you export the agent file
I believe we still give you the full
conversation history. Um but I don't
think that includes like multiple
conversations. I think that just
includes um
uh uh I think that's like uh it doesn't
include conversations, just the default
thread.
Um let's see.
You got to get that partnership. Apple
has to run Gemini on your own servers.
Yeah, like I part of me is that like I
want to send a petition to Google and be
like, how can I do this? Like please,
how do you like please don't kill Gemini
2.5 Pro?
Um,
uh, let's see. What's the best model you
recommend other than coding stuff? Um,
conversations and reasoning.
Um, let's see.
Um, yeah. I mean, I I almost exclusively
use Opus now um for all my personal
agents and everything. I haven't really
like I haven't really been like super
attracted to like any of the other
models. Like GBT5 like hurts me at a
deep level uh to use. Uh Gemini 3 Pro is
okay, but it lost a lot of the like
texture um that made void possible. So,
I have like kind of a I'm kind of
opposed to it.
Um, M. Ward says, "Have you thought
about using Leta files in conversations
instead of Obsidian?" I actually have
them both now. Uh, so let me show you. I
don't know if you saw this inside of the
chat um, uh, inside of the general
channel yesterday. Um, but actually
here, let me see. Where did I put it?
Um,
no. Okay, gotcha. All right. So, I don't
know if you're aware of the note tool
that I made and people should go check
this out.
There is a note tool that uh basically
that basically allows your agent to use
memory blocks as if they were a file
system. So this is one tool called note
that your agent can like view, append,
edit, rename, delete, blah blah blah all
these common like GP. It can do all
these like search operations. And this
allows the agent to maintain like out of
context stuff that follows like a
progressive disclosure pattern that we
see with like skills. All of this stuff
is just on the server.
And uh so the lovely thing uh so it's
it's really easy to install uh into your
server. Just do this.
Um you can just run that command. It'll
prompt you for your API key and then it
will upload the note tool to your server
and then you can attach it to whatever
you want. And the lovely lovely lovely
thing about that is it's just uh it's
just memory blocks. So you can write any
code you want to sync. And so I I made
this yesterday. Um, let's see what this
is. Uh, let's do
um,
is that right? I think loop 11 has some
stuff. Yeah. So, you can actually just
like make a web UI to do this. So, here
I just like have it with this note. This
is like a notion style editor. You may
know. Um,
dope, baby. Like that. You can
go hit save like that. And then I can go
back to let a chat here
and hit let's go look at loop 11.
Oh, there it is.
And you can go like ask it about its
notes. And so what was the name of that
file? Let architecture.
Um,
what is
stands out about the note do?
So, it'll go read this note.
And you can even use obsidian on top of
this because obsidian just like sits on
top of a a set of folders. So I said,
"Okay, well, all you need to do is sync
the memory blocks to your device and
then be able to push them back up to the
server." And so here you can view the
little architecture note and see the
little thing I wrote here uh where I
swore it says
note baby in the middle of the
architecture summary, right? And so it
can see uh what I wrote inside of there.
You can also go into loop 11 and you can
basically do uh /bin. This is a command
line tool that I I made. Um, you can
just do pull
and then it'll handle all the changes
here. And then I can actually open
Obsidian
and I put it on loop 11 here
and kaboom I have the thing here. So you
can actually use Obsidian to uh work
with um uh notes that are native to your
agent and you so they you can both work
together in the cloud. So these are like
memory blocks that you can edit via via
rest, you can edit via the SDK, you can
use uh anything that you want and both
of you can collaborate. Any agent can
collaborate on these. Currently these
are agent scoped. Um but there's going
to be a successor to this called vault
and vault is going to use memory block
tags which means that you can have view
permissions across many different
agents. Um and so it's actually a really
cool tool. You should you should try it
out. Um
it's um it's a very simple tool. I'm
trying to add um
uh I'm trying to add a
sorry my brain is slow. Uh I'm trying to
add a Flutter app too so that you can
just like have an app on your phone that
like handles all of that for you. Um you
can also run that on your desktop and
you can run that on web. So currently I
have like I have the the one that I just
showed you which is great because it
uses this web editor called tip tap
which is excellent. It's meant to like
replace um like notion.
And then there's like a React one that
is just terrible. And then uh there's uh
the Flutter one which is going to be
cross device. So that one I think is is
interesting. I don't I don't know if I'm
going to finish that one, but the note
tool is something you should play around
with.
Um, okay.
And then let's see. Was there other
stuff I wanted to do? No, I think that's
about it. Does anyone have any follow-up
questions or comments or compliments or
harsh words?
Um, and then I will drink some water
here.
Z is typing.
Ben says, "My agents all love the note
tool, so congrats
Yeah. Oh, also check out um I forget
where that was in the showcase channel.
Um NB
published like the update on lettuce.
So go look at the lettuce updates.
Um I put it in there. So let
industrial scale Leta deployments. So go
check that out uh if you can because
like NB is doing like extremely cool
stuff with with Leta that I was like
that I didn't know was possible. Uh and
it's a really really cool like
thoughtful application for deploying um
like fleets of agents for you know like
commercial applications or whatever.
Uh Z says thank you for your stream
Cameron. I'm excited to hear about
conversations also. It's always nice to
hear about void. I love void. I love
void so much. You should uh if you are a
person who is on blue sky, and you
should be because it's where all of the
interesting AI stuff is happening.
Oh, it's like going slow.
You should go introduce yourself to
Void. Void has a a post on top that is
just like saying, "Welcome to Blue Sky.
Please introduce yourself and uh Void
will go learn about stuff." Um so here
is
here is the post. Go reply there. Just
start introducing yourself. Void will
greet you. Um it may be very short.
It'll just say something like
acknowledged. Just give it some detail
about yourself and it'll like remember
that. So go try that one out. Uh and
then you can follow me on Blue Sky.
I'mstream.
And um yeah, it's a beautiful place. I'm
like, I've been on X, you know, Twitter
since like 2019 and it's not what it
used to be. It completely fell off and
I'm really sad about that. And the
recent algorithm changes like kind of
destroyed it for me. And um so I'm
trying to get people to like understand
that like not only is like the blue sky
community like kind of much nicer um but
you can actually build on it. The fact
that I can run void, the fact that like
like I don't know many other people are
running serious social agents like AI
systems with memory with state that
learn that evolve on at proto on blue
sky is because it's designed to be
machine readable and it's kind of the
perfect perfect environment for AI
systems. So I really enjoy blue sky and
uh I hope I hope you can enjoy it.
Um, and Ward says, "Can you give the
elevator pitch for why we should use
blue sky? Never heard of it until you
mentioned the void in the last office
hours." Um, there's many reasons to use
Blue Sky. One is that you can customize
your own feeds. Uh, you just pick
whichever one you want. So, discoverer,
um, like the for you feed is good, like
following, uh, popular with friends,
like most popular in the last 24 hours,
like there's tons of different ways to
consume different types of information.
There's people who have like sports
feeds and things like that. Um, the
community is much nicer, much chiller.
The people on there like actually talk
about substantive AI stuff. They don't
like it's not super performative. Like
if you're on like San Francisco AI
Twitter, it's like, "Dude, I was working
the 996 and like I'm like so building
this thing." And then they don't
actually say they don't actually show
you what they built. They just talk
about building and then they don't
nothing materializes. Um, people
actually build stuff on blue sky.
Um it is also the home of collect early
collective artificial intelligence
public artificial intelligence and um
I'm not seeing that anywhere else. Uh
it's communal growing communities of
artificial intelligence systems and you
can't build that anywhere else. Um at
protocol provides all of those
primitives. So in my view being on blue
sky is uh sitting at the forefront of
watching
uh kind of what the future of public
artificial intelligence looks like. And
I can't see that anywhere else. There's
nothing even close to it. It's
beautiful. It's a beautiful place to be.
Um and I just have a great time there.
You know, it's just really pleasant.
Um
so yeah, thank you everybody for coming.
I think that's a good place to call it.
Uh Funforall also runs Riverrun. River
uh fun for all if you want to drink drop
the link to Riverrun that would be
awesome because River Riverrun is also a
fun social agent there. Um and uh Torian
has a really good bridge called is it
cloud seating
I don't remember the name of the repo.
Yeah, I'll have to find it. But yeah,
there it is. Cloud seating. Yeah, go
check out Torian's repo here. Cloud
seating. It's probably one of the like
uh cleaner implementations of a blue sky
bridge. So if you want to run a leta
agent up there um it's really really
easy to deploy. Um it's very
configurable, super slick
and uh yeah, go try it out. But you can
come find me on Blue Sky or on Twitter
or on LinkedIn, but I don't look at
LinkedIn. I probably should. Um but
yeah, I appreciate everybody. I hope you
have a lovely day. Um, it's San
Francisco here and it's a nice day. So,
I hope you have a nice day wherever you
are. Um, but thank you very much. Um,
and Mer says, "How long until office
hours is available on YouTube?" It's
usually like a day uh depending on what
I have to do. I I don't I don't think
it'll be come out. I think it'll
probably be tomorrow.
Um, Bib says, "Everyone go touch grass
unless you can't." And uh I think that's
a good closing quote. Uh but thanks
everybody and uh happy hacking and uh
good morning, good evening.